So do you consider those guys friends or acquaintances?
Definitely friends, very close.
Okay.
All of them are my mates, but I've only got a handful of my really close mates then.
So it's like I buy stuff for his kids, his family, and he does the same for mine and
what have you.
And he works nights.
So if I'm not working, he'll ring me up like half past four in the morning.
I'm like, oh, cause half past four in the morning, what do you want?
Like he said, oh, I'm bored in work.
I want something to talk to.
I'm like, oh, fine.
But it's like that.
And if I don't ring him for one day, he thinks there's something wrong.
He's like, oh, what's the matter?
So you speak every day?
Yeah, without fail.
Is he your best friend then?
Yeah.
And did you meet through the rugby club?
So it was a rugby day and we were just talking.
And when the boys was introduced, well, there was a kid, as I remember, she'd be showing
me around with the boys and what have you.
And Chris, my best mate, said, oh, good for you.
And I said, no, Chris was going to go at midnight.
He said, no, no, no.
He said, stay out with me.
And I go, right, OK.
So I went out with him about half past two for the game.
We went back to the club for a few drinks and I didn't get home until about a quarter
to three the next morning.
So since then, we've kind of been friends ever since then.
And I had a ball with his father and I had a dance with like ballroom stuff and presentations
with his mother.
So it's kind of all in the family.